docs: add <meta> tags (group 2) (#951)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/settings.md

---
title: flyPadOS 3 EFB - Settings

> description: Learn how to configure various aspects of flyPadOS3 itself in the FlyByWire A32NX, from aircraft options to 3rd party settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to configure various aspects of flyPadOS 3 itself in the FlyByWire A32NX, from aircraft options to 3rd party settings.
```
